I started my engineering career as a keen hobbyist, teaching myself how to write software throughout University, in the era when PHP & MySQL was cool. In the early days of work, I worked for small companies as the most senior engineer (and occasionally the only engineer), meaning I had to develop the full stack. But I always preferred developing the backend and data solutions to the experience solutions. Now, I heavily focus on architecting solutions to the complex system and data problems that global healthcare has to offer. All wrapped up with leveraging the benefits of the cloud to give cheaper and faster high-availability and performance.

Aside from engineering, I am an experienced manager, who enjoys building great teams. I have managed a department (tribe) of over 70 people, with a wide range of skills needed to build a modern engineering product. Front-end, back-end, QA, design, delivery, product management, etc. Although I like employing models such as Agile development, or Spotify’s tribes and squads, I am a big believer that you build teams of people; models need adjusting and flexibility to meet the talent you have.

Outside of work, I try to keep active with a few runs and gym visits per week to offset the laptop lifestyle. I have run 10 half marathons and currently training towards my first marathon. A while ago, I also cycled from Lands End to John O Groats and I am hoping to do more multiday cycles in the future. I also have a tendency to say “yes” to whatever fun things friends suggest, which is why I just got my scuba diving license, which I have yet to try out in warmer waters.